2017.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * General: pc_status is now optionally has mark_debug attribute controlled by hidden user_param enable_mark_debug
 * General: Added has_wstrb parameter for metadata assertion checks
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 2.0
 * General: Removed user param only ENABLE_EXT_CHECKS and Fixed the pc_status width to 160
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 11)
 * General: Minor timing optimization for synthesis
 * General: X-propration checks on pc interface for simulation
 * General: Improved IP Integrator automation of MAX_RD_BURSTS and MAX_WR_BURSTS

2017.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 10)
 * Bug Fix: pc_status[32] AXI_ERRS_BRESP_AW triggers as soon as BVALID is asserted instead of also waiting for BREADY.
 * Bug Fix: pc_status[58] AXI_ERRS_RDATA_NUM triggers as soon as RVALID is asserted instead of also waiting for RREADY.
 * New Feature: Added timeout checks against the next expected assertion of each VALID handshake output.
 * New Feature: Added LIGHT_WEIGHT mode to reduce synthesis utilization.
 * New Feature: Added AXI4Lite status interface.
 * New Feature: Added ID value keying to read and write transaction CAMs to prevent excessive logic for high ID_WIDTH.
 * Other: Sub core IP clk_wiz version changed to 5.4
 * Other: Updated assertion message text to refer to current spec version.

2016.4:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2016.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 9)
 * Clarified description of pc_asserted[59] (AXI_ERRS_RID).
 * Source HDL files are concatenated into a single file to speed up synthesis and simulation. No changes required by the user

2016.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2016.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 8)
 * Sub core IP clk_wiz version changed to 5.3

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2015.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 7)
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2015.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 6)
 * Enabled out-of-context clock frequency setting by adding FREQ_HZ parameter to clock interface aclk
 * The support status for Kintex UltraScale is changed from Pre-Production to Production.
 * Fixed early triggering of pc_asserted[29] (MAX_W_WAITS).

2014.4.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 5)
 * Internal device family change, no functional changes

2014.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Updated IP integrator automation to latest API, no functional changes

2014.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 3)
 * Increased default MAX_xx_BURSTS to 8 (from 2); improved message text for CAM overflow.

2014.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support

2013.3:
 * Version 1.1
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation.
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators.

2013.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Repackaged to enable internal version management, no functional changes.

2013.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * Native Vivado Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.

(c) Copyright 2012 - 2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
